#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.7
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==1.0.0
    # via tensorboard
appnope==0.1.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argcomplete==1.12.3
    # via ipykernel
argon2-cffi==21.1.0
    # via notebook
atomicwrites==1.4.0
    # via pytest
attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   flatland-rl
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
backports.entry-points-selectable==1.1.1
    # via virtualenv
bleach==4.1.0
    # via nbconvert
cachetools==4.2.4
    # via google-auth
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via argon2-cffi
charset-normalizer==2.0.8
    # via requests
click==8.0.3
    # via flatland-rl
cloudpickle==1.2.2
    # via gym
crowdai-api==0.1.22
    # via flatland-rl
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
dataclasses==0.6
    # via flatland-rl
debugpy==1.5.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.0
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via redis
distlib==0.3.3
    # via virtualenv
entrypoints==0.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
filelock==3.4.0
    # via
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
flatland-rl==3.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
fonttools==4.28.2
    # via matplotlib
future==0.18.2
    # via pyglet
google-auth==2.3.3
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
graphviz==0.19
    # via flatland-rl
grpcio==1.42.0
    # via tensorboard
gym==0.14.0
    # via flatland-rl
idna==3.3
    # via requests
imageio==2.13.0
    # via flatland-rl
importlib-metadata==4.8.2
    # via
    #   argcomplete
    #   backports.entry-points-selectable
    #   click
    #   flatland-rl
    #   importlib-resources
    #   ipykernel
    #   jsonschema
    #   markdown
    #   pluggy
    #   pytest
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
importlib-resources==1.5.0
    # via
    #   flatland-rl
    #   jsonschema
ipycanvas==0.10.0
    # via flatland-rl
ipykernel==6.5.1
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   notebook
ipython==7.30.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
ipywidgets==7.6.5
    # via ipycanvas
jedi==0.18.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
jsonschema==4.2.1
    # via nbformat
jupyter-client==7.1.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==4.9.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.1.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==1.0.2
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
lxml==4.6.4
    # via svgutils
markdown==3.3.6
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.5.0
    # via flatland-rl
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
more-itertools==8.12.0
    # via pytest
msgpack==0.6.1
    # via
    #   flatland-rl
    #   msgpack-numpy
msgpack-numpy==0.4.7.1
    # via flatland-rl
nbclient==0.5.9
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==6.3.0
    # via notebook
nbformat==5.1.3
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
networkx==2.6.3
    # via flatland-rl
notebook==6.4.6
    # via widgetsnbextension
numpy==1.21.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flatland-rl
    #   gym
    #   imageio
    #   ipycanvas
    #   matplotlib
    #   msgpack-numpy
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   scipy
    #   tensorboard
oauthlib==3.1.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   matplotlib
    #   pytest
    #   setuptools-scm
    #   tox
pandas==1.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flatland-rl
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.2
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==8.4.0
    # via
    #   flatland-rl
    #   imageio
    #   ipycanvas
    #   matplotlib
platformdirs==2.4.0
    # via virtualenv
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
prometheus-client==0.12.0
    # via notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.23
    # via ipython
protobuf==3.19.1
    # via tensorboard
psutil==5.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
py==1.11.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pyarrow==6.0.1
    # via flatland-rl
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyglet==1.3.2
    # via gym
pygments==2.10.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyterlab-pygments
    #   nbconvert
pyparsing==3.0.6
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.0
    # via jsonschema
pytest==4.6.11
    # via flatland-rl
pytest-runner==5.3.1
    # via flatland-rl
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-gitlab==2.10.1
    # via crowdai-api
pytz==2021.3
    # via pandas
pyzmq==22.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
recordtype==1.3
    # via flatland-rl
redis==4.0.2
    # via crowdai-api
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   crowdai-api
    #   python-gitlab
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tensorboard
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
requests-toolbelt==0.9.1
    # via python-gitlab
rsa==4.8
    # via google-auth
scipy==1.7.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gym
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via notebook
setuptools-scm==6.3.2
    # via matplotlib
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   absl-py
    #   bleach
    #   flatland-rl
    #   google-auth
    #   grpcio
    #   gym
    #   pytest
    #   python-dateutil
    #   recordtype
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
svgutils==0.3.4
    # via flatland-rl
tensorboard==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.0
    # via tensorboard
terminado==0.12.1
    # via notebook
testpath==0.5.0
    # via nbconvert
timeout-decorator==0.5.0
    # via flatland-rl
toml==0.10.2
    # via tox
tomli==1.2.2
    # via setuptools-scm
torch==1.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tox==3.24.4
    # via flatland-rl
traitlets==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
typing-extensions==4.0.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   torch
urllib3==1.26.7
    # via requests
virtualenv==20.10.0
    # via tox
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   prompt-toolkit
    #   pytest
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
werkzeug==2.0.2
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.37.0
    # via tensorboard
widgetsnbextension==3.5.2
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.13.3
    # via deprecated
zipp==3.6.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
